it's a surprise same numbers to open
the witch read the note indeed yes
engages and marbles let's see some
I read witch I hoped I didn't have you
scared solidity into a beautiful one
day be he is your party but
read the ticket go quickly or a
human finger nor bewitched an appetizer
delicious that can be eaten
sheet I am attaching the recipe test also
you cook views but it's quick
recipe but if you are under ingredients
to cook fear is a starter from
eating together
ingredients we read then together of
ingredients to prepare ten twelve
severed fingers
then we have 20 grams of cornstarch 30
grams of grated Parmesan cheese 30
g of butter 45 grams of semolina
re-milled with durum wheat then 5 grams of
tomato paste half sachet of
instant yeast twenty years of liters
about milk and a pinch of salt
we prepare the whole
let's start with the preparation of the companies
chopped moon bullies let's first put all of them
the dry ingredients or the
grana cheese the remilled semolina la
maizena instead of mai zeno you can
also use potato starch
if you find yourself better and then also the
instant yeast and mix well
now let's close the concentrate of
tomato in and slightly warmed
so we will also give a pink color
to our dough that will look like
very much to human fingers
now let's take our powder
we pour the milk with the concentrate of
tomato inside and then we also have
in melted butter in the microwave
let's pour that down too
all and then mix together to form a
nice compact dough
here now we have also mixed the
our pasta we got one
first I didn't tell you a thing
naturally I took it for granted
however inside the dough
we have also added a pinch of
indispensable rooms are another to give one
certain flavor to the mixture though
we already find the grana cheese
do not abound with salt
now the dough is little we can
wrap it inside a sheet of
transparent film to leave it
rest for about 30 minutes later
half an hour we can also proceed to
that finger preparation then
from the dough or removed a loaf of
in short, about 68 cm and start with the
hands to form a little more pillar
regular maybe we keep this
excess part and one end la
we prepare to accommodate an almond
that will serve us as a nail you see so
with our fingers we crush give a little
like a perfect finger now
with the knife
let's build the folds of the finger though seen
which is a severed finger that they also serve
of worms coming out of what to do
we cut in half the pine nuts
now we can also include them in
opposite end to the almond as well
like I'm doing now
and our finger is ready we also have
lined a plate with paper from
oven and now we can go to
place our finger on the plate e
we continue in this way up to
running out of the stage I'm fixing up
the last finger
here they are 12 so two hands for two
fingers and now we go to inform them at
180 degree oven temperature already
cat warm for up to 12 aid
think of a dinner that begins
right with these fingers cut off yes
it will be a thrilling evening